OADP-4357: AWS plugin required for all S3 storage (#79455)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-dpa-1-2-and-earlier.adoc

  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - aws # <1>
        - openshift # <2>
      resourceTimeout: 10m # <3>
    restic:
      enable: true # <4>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> # <5>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          profile: "default"
          region: <region_name> <6>
          s3Url: <url> # <7>
          insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
          s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials} # <8>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> # <9>
          prefix: <prefix> # <10>
----

> <1> The `aws` plugin is mandatory for all S3 storage.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> An object store plugin corresponding to your storage locations is required. For all S3 providers, the required plugin is `aws`. For {azure-short} and {gcp-short} object stores, the `azure` or `gcp` plugin is required.
```

  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:

>         - aws # <1>

Reviewer: Attach BSL spec has only one backupLocation which is GCP.  AWS plugin is not needed here

Author: @PrasadJoshi12 - updated. Thanks

          bucket: <bucket_name> # <10>
          prefix: <prefix> # <11>
----

> <1> Specify the default plugin for the backup provider, for example, `gcp`, if appropriate. The `aws` plugin is mandatory for all S3 storage.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> An object store plugin corresponding to your storage locations is required. For all S3 providers, the required plugin is `aws`. For {azure-short} and {gcp-short} object stores, the `azure` or `gcp` plugin is required.
```
